Enough of the talking.
What's inside this course.
We're pretty much done getting started in the next module.
We'll have a look at Page's views and routing so you will learn some of the core features next offers.
Thereafter we'll start building a real project because it's always better to see the things in action
than just listen to theory and we'll then have a look at how we can handle data in next apps.
How.
GEEWAX So do state management system of view integrates into next apps and things like that.
When we are already working with data we'll then also have a look at how we can fetch and store data
on a server because if next is only about the server side rendering and not a service framework the
question of course is how do we connect this kind of server side app to a real service site back end
we'll have a look at this in this module.
Thereafter we'll have a look at the next configuration we can set up and features which are called plug
ins and modules.
Let's find out what that is.
With that we got very solid fundamentals.
We'll then have a look at middleware and authentication how we can add this to our next application.
Then it's time for a closer look at next.
And the service side.
How well can we integrate our next ep with cover suicide features beyond the pure pre rendering or rendering.
In general of our view apps.
So what else can we do.
Can we connect to a database from our next app.
We'll have a look at this question and this module.
And then it's time for deployment.
Now in this module will focus on showing you how you can build your next ep in different modes.
So as you and the worst lap as a single page app and data is a very important feature as a statically
generator that we will dive into all three build options.
And I will walk you through them and explain what the differences and what you would ship to a server
if you decide to use a certain option and that's it.
I'll then round the course up and I'm sure you will have learned a lot about next.
Once we reach this point.